{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf140
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh5580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Dynamic SQL -
\b0 \
\
Dynamic SQL is an enhanced version of standard SQL. Dynamic Sql can be written by any programmer with very little programming skills because the actual program does the generation of the code. The simplest way to perform a dynamic sql statement is to use a \'93Execute Immediate\'94 statement. A Execute Immediate statement can not only be used too execute Dynamic SQL it can also build up statements to execute operations if you don\'92t know the table name. One disadvantage to Dynamic SQL is when you run the code generally Dynamic SQL generally runs slower then Standard SQL. One thing that makes more flexible then standard SQL is the fact that Dynamic SQL can handle changes in data definitions without the need too recompile. \
\

\b When should you use dynamic SQL? 
\b0 \
\
You should use Dynamic SQL when standard SQL is not supported in the operation you are trying to perform.\
\

\b Why should you use Dynamic SQL?
\b0 \
\
Not only is dynamic SQL more flexible it also allows you to use reusable code because it can easily adapt to different environments. \
\
\

\b Hierarchical Queries -
\b0 \
\
Hierarchical Queries is a type of SQL query that handles hierarchical model data. Hierarchical model data is data that is organized into a tree-like structure. The reason hierarchical queries are so popular is because the structure is simple and flexible. Hierarchical Queries are very popular when a application is high performance and requires security. Hierarchical Queries are built upon parent-child relationships within the same table or view. The parent-child relationship makes the tree formation, the parent on top with the child under the parent.\
\

\b What are some examples of Hierarchical Queries?
\b0 \
 \
An example of Hierarchical Queries is the registry system for windows machines. \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Implicit vs. Explicit Cursors
\f1  
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0  - \

\b0 Implicit cursers are faster and much neater code then explicit cursors. \

\b What is a Implicit Cursor?
\b0 \
A Implicit Cursor is opened by the database to process each SQL statement. Implicit Cursors are created default when DML statements like INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE are executed. Every Implicit Cursor has six attributes. FOUND, ISOPEN, NOTFOUND, ROWCOUNT, BULK_ROWCOUNT, BULK_EXCEPTIONS. \

\b What is a Explicit Cursor?\

\b0 Explicit Cursors are created when you execute SELECT statements that return more then one row.}